Q: I have a technical Question, Can I contact the Trainer?
A: Unfortunately, we cannot provide individual support on a technical question, However, we have Facebook Group where you can post your question and We hope the community support team will be able to help you Link to our Facebook Technical group is on the link https://www.facebook.com/groups/urduitacademy


Q: how can i contact UITA team
A: UITA team is available at admin@urduitacademy.com. Are you looking for a job? Planning a career change? Or just wanting to learn something new? Most great things begin with a plan. Your career should be no different. A plan will give you something to work towards. It'll also help you make the most of the opportunities that come your way. careeradvice@urduitacademy.com 
Free Career advice for everyone , If you have any question related to your career / new start-up business / Interviewing please feel free to send us an email on the address below.
Please mention your full name location and questions you have in detailed and brief email, so we can guide you properly.
careeradvice@urduitacademy.com

Q: what are total active users on youtube ?
A: we have monthly 10,000 Active users 

Q: How many Youtube Subscribers UITA Have?
A: We have 66,000 Active subscribers.

Q: How many trainers we have at URDU IT academy ?
A: We have 50+ trainers in UITA 

Q: Hopw many lectures on UITA
A: Almost 1300 video lectures. 

Q: what is your website address ?
A: www.urduitacademy.com

Q: Who is Kashif Iqbal 
A: Kashif is amazing and he is the founder of URDU IT academy, URDU IT aacdemy is 12 Years old. Urdu IT Academy was born out of a deep desire to empower and uplift individuals from all walks of life through the transformative power of technology education. Our mission is not just to provide free access to knowledge, but to create a positive social impact by helping people from underserved communities to enhance their skills, pursue their dreams, and ultimately achieve financial independence. We are driven by our passion for education and our compassion for those in need, and we will continue to work tirelessly to build a better future for all. 

Q:Who is Abubakar Atiq
A: Abu Bakar is our Python GURU !!! he enjoy doing python Troubleshooting and Loves birds 
